Add docs for proposed new intergration: Hue BLE (#33042)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/hue_ble.markdown

---
title: Hue BLE
description: Instructions on how to setup Phillips Hue Bluetooth lights within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Light
ha_release: 2024.7
ha_iot_class: Local Push
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@flip-dots'
ha_domain: hue_ble
ha_platforms:
  - light
ha_bluetooth: true
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The **HueBLE** {% term integration %} allows you to control your Phillips Hue Bluetooth lights with Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Hue BLE** {% term integration %} allows you to control your Phillips Hue Bluetooth lights with Home Assistant.
```
Should this be Hue BLE? At least that is what it is called in the title.

Author: I think I meant "Hue BLE" but to be honest im not sure myself, I prefer "HueBLE" for when im refering to it in code but I think "Hue BLE" looks a little better when presented in a UI.

> {% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Initial setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Initial setup
```

<div class='note'>

Before trying to connect your light(s) to Home Assistant you must put the light(s) into pairing mode in the Hue app ([Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.philips.lighting.hue2), [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/philips-hue/id1055281310)).

> `Settings -> Voice Assistants -> Amazon Alexa or Google Home -> Make Discoverable`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Settings** > **Voice Assistants** > **Amazon Alexa** or **Google Home** > **Make Discoverable**.
```

> When the light is in pairing mode you may proceed to connect to it with Home Assistant, either utilizing automatic discovery or by manually specifying the name and MAC address in the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the light is in pairing mode, connect with Home Assistant, either utilizing automatic discovery or by manually specifying the name and MAC address in the form.
```

</div>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

```
Moving this further down, as the initial setup steps have to be performed first.

> ### Supported models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported models
```

---
title: Philips Hue BLE
description: Instructions on how to setup Philips Hue Bluetooth lights within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Light

> ha_release: 2025.10

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ha_release: 2025.12
```

title: Philips Hue BLE
description: Instructions on how to setup Philips Hue Bluetooth lights within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Light
ha_release: 2025.10
ha_iot_class: Local Push
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@flip-dots'
ha_domain: hue_ble
ha_platforms:
  - light
ha_bluetooth: true
ha_integration_type: integration
---

The **Hue BLE** {% term integration %} allows you to control your Philips Hue Bluetooth lights with Home Assistant.

## Prerequisites

Before trying to connect your light(s) to Home Assistant, you must put the light(s) into pairing mode in the Philips Hue app ([Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.philips.lighting.hue2), [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/philips-hue/id1055281310)).

1. In the Philips Hue app, go to **Settings** > **Voice Assistants** > **Amazon Alexa** or **Google Home** > **Make Discoverable**.
2. Once the light is in pairing mode, you can connect to it to Home Assistant. 
3. To view the discovered lights, in Home Assistant, go to {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %}. They are shown in the **Discovered** section.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Supported models

> {% important %}
> This {% term integration %} is tested to work with the following models:
> {% endimportant %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This {% term integration %} is tested to work with the following models:
```

---

> title: Hue BLE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Philips Hue BLE
```
It should have the same name as the integration in core.

description: Instructions on how to setup Philips Hue Bluetooth lights within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Light

> ha_release: 2024.7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_release: 2025.10
```
to be fixed when the integration is merged.

ha_iot_class: Local Push
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@flip-dots'
ha_domain: hue_ble
ha_platforms:
  - light
ha_bluetooth: true
ha_integration_type: integration
---

The **Hue BLE** {% term integration %} allows you to control your Philips Hue Bluetooth lights with Home Assistant.

> ## Initial setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

> <div class='note'>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% note %}
```

> Before trying to connect your light(s) to Home Assistant, you must put the light(s) into pairing mode in the Hue app ([Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.philips.lighting.hue2), [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/philips-hue/id1055281310)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before trying to connect your light(s) to Home Assistant, you must put the light(s) into pairing mode in the Philips Hue app ([Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.philips.lighting.hue2), [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/philips-hue/id1055281310)).
```

> **Settings** > **Voice Assistants** > **Amazon Alexa** or **Google Home** > **Make Discoverable**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Philips Hue app, go to **Settings** > **Voice Assistants** > **Amazon Alexa** or **Google Home** > **Make Discoverable**.
```

Once the light is in pairing mode, you can connect to it to Home Assistant. Discovered lights can be found in the discovery section or in the integration setup screen.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once the light is in pairing mode, you can connect to it to Home Assistant. 
3. To view the discovered lights, in Home Assistant, go to {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %}. They are shown in the **Discovered** section.
```

> When the light is in pairing mode you may proceed to connect to it with Home Assistant. Discovered lights can be found in the discovery section or in the integration setup screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the light is in pairing mode, you can connect to it to Home Assistant. Discovered lights can be found in the discovery section or in the integration setup screen.
```

> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% endnote %}
```
we have these liquid [tags to highlight text](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/integration-docs-examples#text-boxes) in text boxes.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Supported models

> <div class='note warning'>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% important %}
```

> This {% term integration %} is tested to work with the following models but has been designed to work with other models. If you have a different model and it is working, please let us know.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This {% term integration %} is tested to work with the following models:
```

> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% endimportant %}
```

| Model number | Product name                                     |
|--------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| LCA006       | Hue White and Color 1100                         |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The **Philips Hue BLE** integration has been designed to work with other models as well. If you have a different model and it is working, please let us know.

```

---
title: Philips Hue BLE
description: Instructions on how to setup Philips Hue Bluetooth lights within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Light
ha_release: 2025.10
ha_iot_class: Local Push
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@flip-dots'
ha_domain: hue_ble
ha_platforms:
  - light
ha_bluetooth: true
ha_integration_type: integration
---

The **Hue BLE** {% term integration %} allows you to control your Philips Hue Bluetooth lights with Home Assistant.

## Prerequisites

> {% note %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Before trying to connect your light(s) to Home Assistant, you must put the light(s) into pairing mode in the Philips Hue app ([Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.philips.lighting.hue2), [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/philips-hue/id1055281310)).

**Settings** > **Voice Assistants** > **Amazon Alexa** or **Google Home** > **Make Discoverable**.

Once the light is in pairing mode, you can connect to it to Home Assistant. Discovered lights can be found in the discovery section or in the integration setup screen.

> {% endnote %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
